like in preparation for so we're kind of
rebuilding the web at the moment and in
preparation for doing it said for doing
that I thought it might be a good idea
to explore what what an IP LD and just
try and get it done in the CLI first and
so you can npm install' IP LD explorer
and then type it in on your m in your
command line and explore your explore
the IP LD or nodes in your in your ipfs
repo and so by default if i type LS then
so i by default it just drops me in at a
a hash that we that we know is local
winds there and by default it just gets
your NFS root so I'm at the hash which
is of my current EMFs root and so you
can see here that these are all the
files in my m FS root which is mounted
using IVFs fuse me stack and so we can
so we can do stuff like CD which is
changed dag so I can yeah I can traverse
into into like folders and stuff and I
can actually because we're changing dag
not directory I can traverse into actual
files and list out links in them and
I've got some autocomplete so we can
resolve and it gives it tells me about
about the node that I'm currently
looking at like to see ID to size the
data and the links that are in there so
you can see and so that's my current m
FS route if I if I then like added
something to em FS or a change that if I
changed if I rename something like that
then if I CD again I get a different
hash because everything's like
propagated through and we get we've got
a different root node now but I'm still
looking at my NFS and my file name
changes
cool so with these earth so you've seen
that this looks I said that this is an
IPL the Explorer and we've we're
basically looking at protobuf tag nodes
at the moment because we're looking for
MF s so what we should do is make some
like C ball nodes or something and then
explore them how do we feel so I can
let's echo a so if I create a node let's
say just testing testing
yes good I get it I get some hash which
is good so CD CD into their resolve is
to see what diagnosis got something in
it that's right I can also cause I can
say CD into test and then resolve that
that's the data is a string thing which
is cool but then we can do more
interesting stuff is to do like create a
dag note that links to that diagnose I'm
gonna use the traditional program
thingies and so a link see a link and IP
OD pink in JSON format
oh so we can have like some link data in
our seaboard node and I can also have
some like data data which could be like
I prepared this tag put where did that h
come from oh no thanks I need you to be
my linter okay so now we've got now
we've got a new node which hopefully
links to that other node that I created
so if I switch back to that and change
dag into that node and resolve it so
look great so I've got this foo is
another Seaborn ID
oh wait no we should put a dag PB node
in it right so if I just take one of
these okay let's do that because then I
can traverse through like others so this
is I'm gonna put in a PB which is a link
to a PB node and then so now we've got
two links which one of them is a probe
of stagnating one under the sea wall
diagnose one of them is actual data
that's a better view of it and then we
should be able to just reverse into it
so if I CD into food then I'm here and
yeah no one's a PB cool and that's
basically it you can just mess around of
it explore explore your DAGs in UCLA and
and have some fun
[Applause]